[READY-FOR-REVIEW] Case studies and best practices in academic-industry collaboration subchapter (#3410)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/collaboration/academic-industry/intro-case-studies-and-best-practices-in-academic-industry-collaboration.md

(cl-academic-industry-best-practices)=
# Introduction
The creation of this subchapter was motivated by a need to address the realities of navigating the complex relationship between Open Science and Industry, particularly in cases where research is partly or fully funded by industry. A balance must be struck between producing research that meets the priorities of the sponsoring organisation and producing research that is open, shareable, and beneficial to the community. 

Researchers and practitioners championing Open Science could benefit from case studies and lessons learnt from others who have successfully and/or unsuccessfully navigated this aspect of Academic-Industry collaborations.

This subchapter is a continuously growing resource library of case studies in academic-industry collaboration, as well as a collection of existing resources on academic-industry best practices.

> 

Reviewer: you need to add the heading thing here and below for each e.g 
(cl-academic-industry-best-practices-who)=

Author: added now!

## Who this subchapter is for

This subchapter could be especially useful for anyone who is conducting or has conducted research in the context of academic-industry collaboration. This could include:
- Academics who have an opportunity to work with an industrial partner and are looking for guidance on how to best navigate the relationship to ensure a productive and open collaboration.
- Industrial practitioners who have an opportunity to work with an academic partner and are looking for guidance on how to best navigate the relationship to ensure a productive and open collaboration.

> - You have experience in academic-industry collaboration and wish to share your experiences with the TTW community so they can benefit in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You have experience in academic-industry collaboration and wish to share your experiences with the Turing Way community so they can benefit in the future.
```
